yo yo what is up i'm so excited i'm
about to go to costa rica in four hours
yeah 9 30 boys in about four hours dude
this is autofocus work or what come on
ah it's not gonna show you anyway first
stop is gonna be miami and i go straight
to costa rica san jose costa rica from
there kind of play everything by ear
depending on the people that i meet
actually one friend's gonna go and meet
me in costa rica in about three weeks
i'm gonna wait for him there and then
after i think he's going to cancun and
then back home but i'm probably going to
do pausing in panama lima argentina
probably not colombia again because i
don't really like columbia that much but
yeah i'm going to get a bunch of work
done they got wework san jose they are
we work in lima argentina buenos aires
so i'm super stoked a bunch of work done
super productive isolate myself and have
a good time experience culture and just
immerse myself in the culture and pick
up spanish a lot more than i have right
now probably going to do a little bit of
vlogging at the airport and just show
you the whole process you're going from
lax to san jose but anyway i just do a
quick little intro i'll see you guys
[Music]
oh [__]
should they go anything decent
[Music]
oh man
all right we got about
two hours from my white boards so we got
some time and it got delayed in the
lounge
for the next two hours
ah i gained like 10 pounds every time i
go on a fight hour and 30 now it's more
done utilize this time over with the ads
because this morning i didn't really get
to look at my ads and um get ready to go
on the flight
[Music]
holy [__] it's like 5 a.m
my flag got canceled here i am they
reschedule me to the fight tomorrow or
yesterday food
what
can you [__] talk they rescheduled me
to today's flight now i'm headed to jfk
then to san jose i feel sick right now
probably sounds sick too
i guess we got to continue the journey
and not complain let's do it
oh all right so i'm getting ready to
board my next flight delayed from
yesterday
the next day i was able to pick up a
flight to jfk and then from jfk to san
jose but i thought might as well show my
profit dashboard for my store
seven eight amps check the sales see how
it's doing
it loads
to 2k
at 2k right now
58 live visitors
one 1.8k sessions as you can see we'll
look at the private dashboard
pretty crazy
pretty pretty quick 1700 profit 7am
still so we sold out the rest of the day
95 ad spend costs gets 325 revenue 2
224. it's looking like another pretty
big day probably should end up with
maybe like 15
16k for the day we'll see y'all guys
we're gonna board in 30 minutes yeah so
i'll teach you then
[Music]
oh my god all right so i think we got
five hours to jfk and then after jfk we
thirty minute layover in new york and
then we head to costa rica let's go
god i can't believe my flight got
cancelled last night like that's crazy
it took me to a hotel i didn't bother
filming that because i was just like so
over it there's no way that my flight
got cancelled dedicated my whole day to
preparing for that fight hey it's okay
couldn't do anything about it here we
are we're on our plane ready to go
[Music]
yes
i'm good thank you so much
thanks
[Music]
three hours later
thank you so much
[Music]
oh my god so apparently i've slept the
entire flight it was so comfortable laid
down had a really good nap but
there we go the shopify bells are
crazy they're going crazy i think i
recorded about either two or three k on
the flight coming here look at
look at this so beautiful
we're at 10.5 k for the day so far it's
only 1 p.m in california that's what the
ads are based off of right now so let's
go and refresh let me show you from here
crazy
the margin you guys are gonna
you guys are gonna trip out oh my god
yeah that is
seven point eight k 380 ad spend two
thousand dollar cost of goods 10.5 k let
me just go on to shop five just so you
guys can see bam
look at that it's all real time legit we
don't fake our number a lot of people we
don't fake our numbers we don't need to
fake our numbers i can imagine probably
going to end the day at 15k profit
markings
amazing got myself some orange juice
feeling a little sick for some reason
i'm gonna power through it got one more
flight let's see we got this flight to
stand up if you're safe
climb business this time
ready
let's do it
party
all right let's do it
first one on the plane
one last fight two three
[Music]
all right last leg
should be about a three hour flight
off
in
san jose costa rica super stoked sails
are still popping off so i can't wait to
see how much we're going to be at once
we land and i'll update you guys on that
anyway
see you
[Music]
i just got past immigration i'm about to
go get my bags right now but let's check
the sales real quick because i think
last we checked it was like 13k or 20k
let's see what we're looking at right
now
19.96 so just
under 20k i can't wait to check the
profit margins you guys are gonna flip
out when you see the profit margin we're
looking at like a 75 profit margin i'm
so glad i'm finally in san jose that was
a long one and especially because of the
whole delay with everything going on but
here we are finally here i'm ready to go
out for my adventure i just thought i'd
give you guys a quick little idea of
what it's like to travel and run a
business at the same time i appreciate
you guys watching and i'm gonna make
some more videos just throw out as many
videos as i can while i'm here while i'm
traveling but appreciate it guys see ya
all right so we're just about wrapping
up the day it's looks like it's 10 p.m
in california
12 as you can see here in costa rica
look at that how beautiful wait till you
see this profit margin that you're gonna
trip out
look at that 700 ad spend for fifteen
thousand four hundred six four dollars
in
profit with three thousand eight hundred
dollar fast good and twenty thousand
dollars in revenue
guys what a mission today good night